Hey, what's up? Welcome back.
So, as I mentioned, the key to getting a product management
job is having some sort of relevant experience
to talk about and point to on your resume.
If you have no experience at your current job and
just can't think of anything you've done related to
product management at all, then a side project is the best option.
So if you've been following along with this course,
especially to the sections that Evan has taught, then
you already have a really good idea of how to do a
side project on a small product or feature. What you
need to do is document your experience of coming up
with ideas to solve user problems through a product
or a feature, and put it together somewhere like
a blog post on your own web site, a slide deck, or you
can actually make your own prototypes
really easily and put that online.
These projects can be very detailed or really just high level.
You can even take a product you use daily and describe
in writing or graphics how you would change it
in order to solve user needs better.
This is a pretty common tactic in the world of design actually.
You've probably seen a lot of designers post their own, like,
redesigned versions of popular web sites, or apps, or products,
and a lot of designers get their jobs this way.
You can actually do the same, but for product management,
and with features, and that sort of thing.
But if you want to do a deep dive into the topic of doing
your own project, I recommend two great resources.
Firstly, check out the other courses that Evan
has taught on coming up with ideas,
creating an MVP, or getting started as an entrepreneur.
These will set you up with everything you need.
Another option, if you want to do a step by step project
while also learning about product management,
I recommend you check out my friend Ellen Chisa's course
called "The Fundamentals of Product Management."
You can find a link on her website at www.ellenchisa.com.
Ellen also writes some really good blog posts on her
experience as a product manager, and she's got a lot,
so also be sure to check those out.
So, to recap here, doing a side project is a huge benefit
if you don't have any sort of relevant experience
at all and can't think of anything in your current role that qualifies
as product management style experience in the least.
Then you should start thinking about doing a side project.
All right, in the next lecture,
we're going to talk about some other things you can
do to really prep and increase your chances of getting
a job as a product manager.
I'll see you there.